Update TiDB usage details of telemetry (#8070)
pingcap/docs: telemetry.md

- Deployment characteristics, such as the size of hardware (CPU, memory, disk), TiDB components versions, OS name.
- The status of query requests in the system, such as the number of query requests and the duration.
- Component usage, for example, whether the Async Commit feature is in use or not.

> - The pseudonymized IP address of TiDB product telemetry data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IP address of the TiDB telemetry data sender that has been pseudonymized
```
